Q.1. Reasons to Change Jobs?

Sample 1 (Reason #1 – Seeking growth and advancement opportunities)
“One of the main reasons for my job change is my ambition to continuously improve my skills and take on greater challenges. 
By joining a new company, I will have the opportunity to further develop my expertise and eventually take on higher-level roles.
I am eager to contribute my knowledge and skills to a new organization that values growth and offers room for advancement.”

Sample 2 ( Seeking more challenging work)
“I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at my current job, but I feel that I have reached a point where I am no longer being challenged. 
I am seeking a new opportunity that can provide me with more stimulating work and allow me to continue growing professionally. 
I believe that by taking on new responsibilities and pushing my limits, 
I can further develop my skills and contribute even more effectively to a company’s success.”


Q.2. Current Salary & Expectation ? 

Sample 1 (Tell your expectations in range)
“Well, I’ve done some research on similar roles in this area. I understand that someone with my experience and skills
[again, you can go into detail here], can expect to make a salary in the range of $75,000 to $85,000. 
But of course, salary isn’t the only thing that’s important to me. 
I’d also like to hear more about what exactly you offer in your benefit package.

Sample 2 (Flip the Question)
Could you tell me what range you’re considering for this role? 
Just to be sure that we’re looking at this opportunity through the same lens.”

Sample 3 (Delay The Answer) 
“I have to say, I’m really excited about this opportunity. But I’d like to hear more about the role before discussing the salary.
I feel that I need more information about what I would be responsible for on a day-to-day basis, as well as to learn a bit more 
about the team. 
That way, I can give you a more realistic expectation.”

Sample 4 (Specific Number) 
“Based on our previous discussions, I’m looking for a salary around $80,000. As we’ve both said, the responsibilities of this 
role are demanding, but I have the experience and skills to handle it. Especially my 
[mention most impressive skills/experience/certifications, …]. 
I believe this number might be fair for both of us. But, of course, I’d like to hear your proposition as well.”


Q.3. Why are you looking for a change?
The reason I am looking for change is that I feel like now is the time to expand my horizon. 
I have worked in my current company for quite a long time and while I am grateful for all the opportunities that were 
presented to me there, I want to go beyond my current role here, explore different avenues and take up challenging roles and 
I believe that your company will be the perfect place for me to push and grow myself as an individual.

Q.4. How would you rate yourself on a scale of 1 to 10?
I would like to rate myself an 8. 8 because I know that I am not perfect and there is always a scope for learning and improvement. 
Continuous learning is the most fundamental part of personal and professional growth.

Q.5. What is your biggest achievement so far?
Answer the question in a STAR format. STAR represents: S: Situation, T: Task, A: Action, and R: Result

Q.6. Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
I would love to utilize all the opportunities that this company provides me to learn. And Become a Senior Test Lead or 
QA Lead or Sr. SDET. 

Q.7. Why should we hire you?
I am a self-motivated and very open-minded person who can learn very fast. 
Looking at the job description and my experience in the field ____________.
I am confident that I am very much suitable for this role.
