What is Software ?
Software is a set of instructions that tells a device what to do and how to do it. 

Types of Software?
1. System Software (system software basically controls a computer’s internal functioning and also controls hardware devices such as monitors, printers, and storage devices, etc.)
     Operating System
     Language Processor
     Device Driver
2. Application Software (application software is designed to perform a specific task for end-users. It is a product or a program that is designed only to fulfill end-users’ requirements. 
It includes word processors, spreadsheets, database management, inventory, payroll programs, etc.)
    General Purpose Software
    Customize Software
    Utility Software

What is Software Testing ?
Software testing is the process of evaluating a software product/Software to ensure it meets expectations and works as intended. It involves checking for errors, bugs, glitches, and missing requirements.

Types Of Software Testing ?
Manual Testing Method
Automation Testing Method

What is Manual Testing ?
Manual testing is a software testing method where a tester manually runs test cases to identify bugs, defects, and issues in a software application. 
It's a basic testing method that's essential for ensuring that software functions correctly and delivers a quality product to the user.

Why we need manual testing?
If we don't want to face issue as an end user in the application or a kinds of problems, we need to perform testing to make the application bug free and stable and 
deliver a quality product to the client, because if the application is bug free, the end-user will use the application more conveniently.

Types of Manual Testing?
White Box Testing
The white box testing is done by Developer, where they check every line of a code before giving it to the Test Engineer. 
Since the code is visible for the Developer during the testing, that's why it is also known as White box testing.

Black box testing
The black box testing is done by the Test Engineer, where they can check the functionality of an application or the software according to the customer /client's needs. 
In this, the code is not visible while performing the testing; that's why it is known as black-box testing.

Gray Box testing
Gray box testing is a combination of white box and Black box testing. It can be performed by a person who knew both coding and testing. 
And if the single person performs white box, as well as black-box testing for the application, is known as Gray box testing.




